                                                             Command line 
                                                    https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial
                                                    https://nodejs.org/api/
                                                              For More Resources 
                                                              
Node JS - allows you to write code that can interact with the computer, independently of the browser. 
        - basically allows us to take javascript out of the browser and it liberates it, allowing it to interact directly the hardware.   
                                                   
      Command lines - 
                    pwd -  print working directory (print wherer we are currently).
                    cd - change directory ( cd Desktop/ ) 
                    ls - list of everything in current directory location. 
                    mkdir - make new directory/folder using command line in the location you are in ( mkdir new_folder )
                    touch - make new file using command line in the current location ( touch index.js )
                    node - you can call node to execute js files in the command line ( node index.js ) OR you can call node to use REPL 
                    REPL - read evaluation print loop ( allows you to execute code in bite size chunks ). can be used like the chrome console
                    exiting - you can either use .exit or ctrl + cc to get out of the loop. Ctrl+C to exit out. 
                    node init - used to set up a new or existing npm package 
                              - npm init (https://www.npmjs.com/) for more packages to execute. it creates a json file to store all data 
                    
                    Express Node - is a Node framework.
                                   Difference between Node JS and Express is that node is a package that provides javascript the enviromental run-time and node is the 
                                              framework that node uses to helps us to handle requests and responses.
                                   Course Section 19, E227,228. for more info about using express to install server and handle request and responses 
                                              
                 
